`General`: Add exam mode and feature overview docs for exam checklist and grading keys (#4967)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/exams/students_guide.rst

   Complaining about the Assessment of a Text Exercise

Grades
^^^^^^

> - When your exam is graded, you can view your result at the exam scores page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When your exam has been graded, you can view your result on the exam scores page.
```

> - You will see your obtained points along with the maximum points you can get for individual exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will see your obtained points along with the maximum points you can reach for individual exercises.
```

Author: Probably not the best way to resolve this but I made a Google search for phrases below and got these results, so if you are not very sure that this wording is more correct then I would propose to keep it as it is. What do you think?

"maximum points you can get": About 13.800 results
"maximum points you can reach": About 8 results

Author: @mallgaier had a suggestion that removes this dilemma altogether so I switched to that wording. How does that look like?

- If the instructor defined a grading key for your exam, you will also see your grade.

.. figure:: student/exam_grade.png
   :alt: Exam Grade
   :align: center
   Exam Grade

    .. note::
        The grades below the ``First Passing Grade`` are shown in red, and the passing grades are shown in green.

> - For more information about all the grading intervals, you can click the |view_grade_key| button to view each grade step boundaries with their bound inclusivity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For more information about all the grading intervals, you can click the |view_grade_key| button to view all grade step boundaries with their bound inclusivity.
```
```suggestion
- For more information about all the grading intervals, you can click the |view_grade_key| button to view each grade step boundary with its bound inclusivity.
```
